AI structure needs to be upgraded for the full modability exspereance.
this will allow me to change AI on a lord by lord bases, as well as dramatically improving mod ability.

when I first do this, I wont work to hard on improving things, because I need to basicly redo the AI in the PMC update.
...
it might be better to do the 'hard to do things' in this update, before I get to the full rework. just don't include the PMC data -yet-.

things in the AI that are broken:
    1: retreat / avoid / can win this fight logic:
        the AI cannot tell when it cannot win a fight, or when a fight is hard. They just... go to the objective.
        this is fine, if they -wanted- to go to the objective. but they sometimes dont.

    2: hostile fleet detection:
        a lot of the time, the AI will not know who the player is, even when it is very very blantent, and all other fleets know who the player is.
        I dont know how this effects other fleets.

    3: group objective capture:
        when in groups (only campaigns for now) multiple starlords will struggle to assist each other. this is bad.
        some will run off to attack random fleets, some will just not help anyone ever. this can be even worse in the context of the player.

    4: group multi target objectives:
        sometimes, an attack might have multiple objectives that are all achievable. in such cases, it can be a really bad idea to stick together and wast time.
        it might be better to let the lords split up in such a case.

    5: invasions:
        right now, invasions are completely unable to retrieve marines after an invasion.
        implement this. this will also path the way to allowing a campain to preform multible invasions.

    6: invasion targeting:
        when targeting invasions, the following should be considered:
            1: the ground combat strength of the target compaired to what is in the fleet.
            2: the fleet defense strength of the planet, compaired to the power of the invasion force (campaign or otherwise)
            3: the loss of invasion strength / fleet strength from attacking the target
            4: other nearby targets for invasion / raids (if a campaign is ongoing) and there relevant target data (such as what is descused here).

    7: raiding targeting:
        when targeting raids, the following should be considered:
            1: the ground defense of the target compaired to the raid strength of the attacking force.
            2: the fleet defenses strength of the planet compaired to what is in the attacking force.
            3: the loss of raiding strength / fleet strength from attacking the planet.
            4: other nearby targets for raids and there relevent target data.
    8: raiding and invasion gains:
        raiding and invasion should generate credits on a successful attack.
        if I really want to go all out, it should generate 'goods' that the fleet will then need to move to a friendly, not recently invaded market to sell.

    9: single lord attack tactics (also apply to campaigns, but some of this wont be used in larger campaigns):
        when attacking (invasions or raids), single lords should beable to engage in less direct combat. what I mean is:
            1: lords should beable to 'sneak' into a hostile world to raid / invade.
            2: lords should beable to do things like create distractions, hit trade fleets for stability, and hunt smaller fleets in a hostile system.
            3: lords should beable to take into account things like senser strength, profile, and burn speed when doing this. so they know what they can do.
        consider 'strange' tactics such as:
            a: hiding around a star fortress / battle station when being hunted.
            b: hunting down hostile lords (to sell or otherwise)
            c: luring hostile fleets away from were the action is.
            d: hiding in nebela or the outer sector to avoid an attacker.

    10: campaign and group fight tactics:
        when in a campaign of some type, more advanced tactics might be applicable. some examples:
            1: sending multiple lords to different locations (split up, and such) to preform different objectives. such as:
                a: capture points
                b: distract hostile fleets
                c: scouting ahead for hostile forces or the next target.
            2: considering 'strange' tactics, such as:
                a: (a feint) sending a fleet to the other side of the system to convince a defending force that is were you are attacking.
                b: deliberately hunting down a hostile campaign when on the offensive (harm hostile lords if an advantage is already present)
                c: running a luring a hostile campaign or group away from your worlds when they are hunting you.
                d: splitting the campaign into multiple to 'pretend' one is the 'real' campaign.

    11: 'seeing' hostile fleets:
        right now, you get 'warning' when a fleet is planing on attacking you.
        something I could do, is make it so that when your forces (or some other math) 'sees' a hostile lord, it can tell the player were they were last seen.
        things like campaigns and larger group attacks could be seen earlier, and things like smaller raiding lords could be mush harder to spot.
        this could also work quite well into the 'multiple targeting' on raids and such. letting you know when a lord is in the area.

        I could also use this as a 'were is everyone' system, were we can look on the holonet and find were someone was last seen. this could be cool.

        I could also use this system to allow lords to counter other lords. such as telling patroling lords were a giving lord was last seen.
        lastly, this system could hold a 'com really delay' that is normally present on missions and such. make it so the farther away from the action, the less 'up to date' your information is.

    12: 'seeing' the player in context of larger campaigns.
        lords should beable to recognize the player, and other hostile lords, as a threat.
        ...
        seeing the player or center lords as more of a threat is something for latter.

    13: allow lords to keep in mind fuel, supplies, and crew they have available. letting them plan for things like resupply and refuel.
        examples:
            a: supply use per day, well keeping supplies in fleet.
            b: cargo gained in raids / attacks. moving back to friendly space to sell and gain credits.
            c: fuel use as travel happens.
            d: crew loess and cr modifiers from low crew as crew is lost.
            e: lose cargo/fuel/crew as you loes storge space space.
    14: player as marshal:
        with this update, I am adding a lot of so called 'fleet tactics'. When marsal, one should beable to command (or 'politely ask' available lords to do so).
        this will need its own interface (CSV file) to beable to do so.
        ...
        maybe move all the 'group tactics' stuff over to a new feature page? maybe something that requires this AI upgrade to be completed?