requirements:
    1) AI structure upgrade.
    2) dialog structure upgrade.
    3) 'dialog interrupt' structure update.

so, reputation. This was an important part of M&B warband. it represented how 'strong' you were.
I would like something slightly more completed here

each lord (and the player) would have the following values:
    global:
        1: 'fleet strength'
        2: 'commander strength'
    personal: (keep lord * lord values for this.)
        1: 'matchup' strength.

    1: fleet strength:
        this is the global reputation this fleet has for fighting and destroying others. its basically what 'renown' is in mount and blade.
        this is organized by the number of lords defeated+1 / time defeated+1, keeping in mind DP difference.
        this value is considered when attempting to recruit, deciding to run / fight.
        please keep in mind: this value is needs to be limited, in such a way it cannot rise infinitely. to do this, keep in mind DP differences in combat, and 'soft cap' this value based on how outmatched the lord was.
    2: 'commander strength'
        this is the reputation a giving lord has as a commander. this value can only be changed when preforming 'group' actions with other lords or PMC.
        its calculated based on sucsesfull objectives compleated, friendly lords lost, hostile lords destroyed, and so on. (well in command of a campain).
        this effects how mush other lords might want this person to lead them, as well as how 'respected' when leading a group attack.
    3: 'matchup' strength.
        this is a value based each lord holds to each other lord. (and the player). it determines how well this lord thinks they can fight the other lord.
        this is organized by the number of victory's+1 / defeats+1, keeping in mind DP difference.
        this acts the same as 'fleet strangth', but effects only the way a givin two lords interact with one another.
        please keep in mind: this value is needs to be limited, in such a way it cannot rise infinitely. to do this, keep in mind DP differences in combat, and 'soft cap' this value based on how outmatched the lord was.

