requirements:
    1) AI structure upgrade.
    2) dialog structure upgrade.
    3) 'dialog intrupt' structure update.
    -) maybe integrate 'reputation' into this.

'vengeance' is a point system simpler to reputation, but, it will lower by 1 each month.
'debt' is the inverse of 'vengeance' it will lower by the same amount.
please note: do to the nature of starlords, a lord will hold 'vengeance' / 'debt' to mutlible lords / the player, so low 'vengeance' and low 'debt' will have a low trigger chance.
please note: 'debt' is harder to get then 'vengeance', so it should have a higher chance of triggering.

'debt' and 'vengeance' are the same value. negative numbers are 'vengeance' positive values are 'debt'?
or I keep them separate, and have lords be confused.
I could also make it so gaiging 'vengeance' or 'debt' from center sources causing a far faster gain then normal. like if you sat bomb a world, debt is massively reduced.

attacking a starlords worlds, fleets, tradefleets, or doing things that lower your reputation will generate vengeance.
adding a starlord in battles, defending hostile lord attacks, or helping a lord with quests will generate 'debt'.

starlords that act on 'vengeance' or 'debt' will loes some 'vengeance' or 'debt'. so this stat does not stay forever. its something that needs to be continually upgraded.

starlords with 'vengeance':
    mid: will seek out the targets of there vengeance to hurt in some way. (effectively making enamys)
        -such as raiding worlds belonging to the target, or hunting the PMC they are part of.
        -maybe they will put a bounty on there head.
    high values might cause the starlord to call and threaten the player.
        -sometimes, they might even act on the threats.
        -sometimes, they may propose things like 'honor duels'.
        -sometimes, they might be slightly dishonorable duels.
    very high 'vengeance' might up front hunt down the target.
        a marshal might even organize a campain to destroy you. friends that owe a 'debt' involved.



starlords with 'debt' might protect a targets lands, or be more liekly to do things like offer missions, or work with the target.
    low debt: might do things like be more likely to votes on politics with you, or other things.