PMCs will replace the present politics system.
rules:
1) any lord can found a PMC.
2) if the 'founder' allows it, any lord can join a PMC
3) the leader of a PMC may give 'missions' to the PMC, or to lords in there PMC.
4) if the leader of a PMC belongs to another PMC, they can pass on missions they get to the rest of the PMC.
    -this is called a support PMC.
5) a giving PMC can have its own policys, and voting tactics.
    5.a) polices:
        polices can be anything from the following catagorys:
            small buffs: (such as something like allowing additional Smods, or cheeper ships, or better trade)
            new mission actions: (explore the abyss. allow raiding on neutral markets, and other things)
    5.b) voting tactics:
        PMC voting tactics can have any of the following:
            each lord votes: (at equal value) (one lord, one vote)
            each lord votes: (at political power) (this is what we have now)
            each lord questions: (each lord can vote, but it has no effect on outcome.)
            nothing: (lords are not asked. we do not care)
    5.c) PMC politic when under controller of another PMC.
        the 'owner' PMC can decide to add restrictions to the PMCs under them.
        the 'support' PMC can decide to obey said restrictions, but if they do not, the 'owner' PMC might deside to cut of supplies, or even exspel the 'support' pmc.
6) PMC's as factions: (Core PMC)
    most factions have a 'core' PMC. this is effectively the current politics tab.
    this tab can vote on interesting things, such as descaling war on factions. or peace.
7) factions without a 'core' PMC:
    some factions do not have a Core PMC (such as pirates and the luddic path)
    said factions simply dont have a core PMC. if a starlord is a pirate without a PMC, its just... without a PMC. they are alone.
8) (none lord) mercenary's in PMCs:
    in some cases, a PMC may use resources to spawn NPC fleets for missions.
    such NPCs are only available for a single mission, and are formed from the factions doctrine.
        -some PMCs and lords might override this, to be a different fleet comp.
    PMCs are mush more likely to use mercenary's if they have excuse resources. (this is very likely when a lord forms a PMC with only them in it).
