PMCs have there own resorces system. this is consisting of 4 resources:
1) Production (this represents the value of ships a PMC can produce at a given moment.)
2) Officers (this represents the number of officers that are willing to work for this PMC).
3) Specialists (this represents the number of Smods this PMC can add)
4) AI cores (this represents the number of AI cores this pmc can add to fleets) (most PMCS will keep this hidden, as most will not use AI cores).
5) troops (this represents the number of ground forces available to the PMC)
6) credits: this is the 'floaty' resorse. 'credits' are only used to trade.

for mission rewords, a PMC can give a lord things from this.
if the leader of the PMC, you can use this at will?
    -small PMCs should not beable to get lots of this, so it will never be a player bonus.

as for how PMC resources are generated? from markets. different commodity's count to different things.
resource                    commodity
Production:                 hulls X10 Military bases  (phq = X5*size, MB = X10*size, HC = X15*size)
Officers:                   ///crew X2
Specialists:                ///crew X2 & marines X1
AI Cores:                   ---
Troops:                     marines X1 & heavy weapons X3
Credits:                    all other commodity's are used as 'credits'. (based on market value compaired to market share)? maybe something else


every month, a number of resources will be generated, equal to R_Speed * (commoditys * mutli)

raiding:
when raiding a market, a lord gains an amount of resources from the market. this number will not be added to the PMC the market belongs to.
the lord can keep some of the resources, but is forced to give some to the PMC (depending on faction laws).

trade:
a PMC can trade for resources. all resources have a 'demand' and 'supply' on the global market, depending on how many are 'demanded' by a pmc, and how many are being 'sold' by a PMC.
this allows them to supply themselves with resources, even if they don't have acsess.
keep in mind that resources will become more costly the more they are demanded. this means that PMCs that sell such resources will gain more credits, and PMCs without will loes more resources.


reconfiguration of resources:
    the issue: resources don't make sense right now. everything comes from the same sources. this is a issue.
    option a: remove all resources but 'ship hulls' and 'credits'. additionally, make it so that 'ship hulls' produce a lot of ship hulls.
              credits would also be used here. PMCs with a lot of hulls would get rid of them to allow for credit payments to lords.
    option b: make it so 'specialists' and 'officers' are gotten from different resources then crew.
        I dont really understand how to set this up though...
        on one hand, I could use other commodity's. On the other hand... does that make sense?
        like, transpositions, metals, and volatiles could attract specialists, and 'luxury goods' and 'domestic goods' could attract officers.
        so goods that could be used for officers:
            crew
            population
            luxury goods.
            drugs.
            domestic goods.
        so goods that could be used for specialists:
            metal
            rare metal
            volatiles.
            fuel.
            supplies. (both supplies and hulls come from the same industry. not acceptable.)

    option c: remove 'specialists'. no free Smods. but then again....
